add the code to convert to spreadsheet as well (#106)
mozilla/infosec.mozilla.org: docs/guidelines/risk/rapid_risk_assessment.md

- [New Vulnerability
  Assessment](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=Enterprise%20Information%20Security&component=Vulnerability%20Assessment)
- [RRA Support code for the Google Docs template](https://github.com/mozilla/infosec.mozilla.org/blob/master/misc/RRACodeMaster.js)

> - [RRA Parsing code (convert to spreadsheet/db) for the Google Docs template](https://github.com/mozilla/infosec.mozilla.org/blob/mastermisc/RRA2Spreadsheet.js)

Reviewer: I think you have a typo in the link here (missing slash between master and misc, should be ".../master/misc/..."

> - [RRA Parsing code (convert to spreadsheet/db) for the Google Docs template](https://github.com/mozilla/infosec.mozilla.org/blob/mastermisc/RRA2Spreadsheet.js)

Author: ```suggestion
- [RRA Parsing code (convert to spreadsheet/db) for the Google Docs template](https://github.com/mozilla/infosec.mozilla.org/blob/master/misc/RRA2Spreadsheet.js)
```
